Disable federated evaluation (#1108)
adap/flower: doc/source/changelog.rst

Unreleased
----------

> * **Disable federated evaluation** (`#1091 <https://github.com/adap/flower/pull/1091>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Enable both federated evaluation and centralized evaluation to be used at the same time in all built-in strategies** (`#1091 <https://github.com/adap/flower/pull/1091>`_)
```
